- Kernal Mode: When a program has direct access to underlying hardware and recources. It is a privilaged Role

- User Mode: A program that does not have access to underlying hardware and recources. So when a program 
             crashes the computer wont crash

- System Calls (Kernal Calls): Software interfaces (Usually written in C), that the user can call to interact with the kernal
                               without having to go into kernal mode.

- System Calls are expensive Procedures, Here is a few of their dudye:
    .change user mode to kernel mode, or vice versa, known as Context Switch
    .save all parameters of a user program to CPU
    .load all the arguments data to CPU
    .check file permission in case of read/write request
    .execute the system call procedure
    .after the system call, load all the saved parameters to CPU
    .continue execution of user’s program


- System Calls use Unbuffered I/O, which means there is no intermediat storage buffer we need to save to. This ensures 
  imediate Output bur at the cost of more System calls, which can be inefficient

- System calls request a service from the kernal of the operating syste,

                      System Calls:
Source File ---------------------------------------> Destination File
                      Accuire Input Filename
                      Write a Prompt to Screen
                      Accept Input
                      Aquire Output Filename
                      Write Prompt to Screen
                      Accept Input
                      If File Doesnt Exist, ABORT
                      Read Input ________
                                        | Loop 
                                        |Until Fail
                      Write Output ------
                      Close Output File
                      Write completion Message
                      Terminate Program

- Library Functions: These are functions that are build on top of system calls, they can use temporary storage (BuFFers), 
                     and run in the user space. With Library Functions, sys calls are only needed when the Buffer is full



- function prototypes for read file, write file, respectively:
    #include <unistd.h>
    ssize_t read(int fd, const void *buf, size_t nbyte);
    ssize_t write(int fd, const void *buf, size_t nbyte);

      fd = The file descriptor is a non-negative integer value, obtained from a call
      to open(). The values 0, 1, 2 can also be given, representing
      standard input, standard output & standard error, respectively.

      buf = Points to a character array, with content to be written to (or read from)
      the file pointed to by filedes.

      nbyte = Specifies the number of bytes to be written to (or read from) the
      character array, buf, into the file pointed to by filedes.
      The read/write function returns the number of bytes successfully read
      from or written into the file, respectively, which may at times be less
      than the specified nbytes. It returns -1 if an exceptional condition is
      encountered


- A File Descriptor is an index to a file in the description table

- To the Kernal all open files are referred to by the file descriptor

- When we open an existing file or create a new file, the program returns an error
